hey guys what's going on it's Sam here
and welcome to my initial pure progress
video part three now this has been a
long time since I put out pot 2 and
that's for one reason and one reason
only and that is because I've been ill
I've had the stupid cough that hasn't
let me commentate properly and I've
tried to commentate this about four
times already and just ended up coughing
halfway through and its really annoying
but anyway let's get into it I've done a
lot of quests over the past week or so
two weeks and and ended up completing
one of the main goals of my initiative
pure so as you can see I've just done
fishing contest a recipe recipe for
disaster part 1 now i'm completing
recipe for disaster part 2 so pretty
much in an issue people can get ID
gloves and that's why you do nature
spirit that's why you have to do that
defense quest and that's the only
defense request you have to do so that
allows you to get addy gloves so for I'm
gonna get addy gloves out the way and
mainly because it's gonna help with my
training as well because I'll be able to
hit higher better strength bonus
everything like that so I decided I'm
gonna pursue that and just quest
everything I can to do it so here's me
doing goblin diplomacy which is a
stupidly easy quest if anyone's doing it
I mean probably one of the easiest on
the game and you have to do that for
recipe for disaster
so I am finishing recipe for disaster
part three here which gives you iron
gloves I'm pretty sure and but anyway
iron gloves are pretty useless to me
soon as I'm not going to use them say I
just dropped him after I bought them but
anyway after that I don't think I had to
do a quest for part 4 because I've got
everything done already so I went
straight on to part 4 after that which
then got me steel gloves now this is
probably going to be the penultimate
episode of my pure ownership your
progress because there's not much left
to do after this episode
all I've got to do after that is pretty
much just quest prayer and then I'm
ready to pk
I mean training obviously and getting
fire kept and stuff like that and that's
just going to come along the way I mean
I've got a lot of stats to get for the
prayer quests and one of which is 42
Slayer which I'll train combat with as
well obviously but as you can see here
I'm getting thirty range that was for
big Trumpy burnt hunting and I'm
planning getting on range of quite high
obviously for the fight caves but and as
you see here as well I'm just finishing
big trumpet bird hunting which is I find
that quest really annoying I don't even
know why it's just it just mired in a
bit but yeah and apart from that it's
the Pure's coming along pretty well guys
and my stats are going up reasonably
quick the quests are coming along well
there's not actually that many quests
you have to do you just have to be quest
daddy gloves prayer and that's about it
really
there are quite a few prayer quests
because I want to get the anchor the
barrel chest anchor I think that'll be a
fun to peek a wave so I'm definitely
going to quest for that as well
obviously left asset 52 prayer which is
why I'm questing it just so I don't go
over that 53 did I just say I meant 52
but his medium plague City quest any
good anyway guys and I hate this quest I
hate that whole quest series and it's
not really serious is it I play City
biohazard up but I don't know why they
are so irritating to do and I really
don't like them you just do my I didn't
and yes he sought to start the video
guys I found a pumpkin that was on world
one as well strangely enough I was just
walking through lumber just one I think
I was questioned at that point as well I
was just walking through and I found it
on the floor which is cool but now I'm
finishing recipe for disaster parts
so I'm pretty sure at pot six and that
is Miss gloves yep miss gloves and miss
gloves are what you get if your one
defense pure which should probably know
so I was very close at this point to
getting adi gloves and I did Gertrude's
cap then weave Gertrude's cap I did
shadowed the storm not with Gertrude
Scout obviously but after the gate reads
cat I did shadowed the storm which got
me 36 range which was nice that demon
hit me pretty hard on 20 defense they
and then finally I was ready to get a
deal if I'd done all the requirements
got all the spicy stews and stuff like
that and I was ready to get my ID gloves
so I hand it in and that's Adi gloves
complete on my initiative you guys which
is great that's that out of the way
straight away which means that my
trainings going to be faster because of
their strength bonuses of the gloves and
it's just it's just that hassles out the
way now they're doing recipe for
disaster so I'm really happy about that
guys my Pure's coming along really well
I've obviously just got to do prayer
like I've said and train my stats up a
bit before I can start peaking and
you've got to get the mythril defender
and but obviously I've got to train my
attacking strength before I can get that
so there are guys in the corner romances
chest Adi gloves changing them for the
myth gloves here and yeah that's pretty
sick they're out the way now really
happy with that so I decided to finish
off with horror of the deep horror from
the deep sorry to get the zombie book
which I'm not going to fill but uh
nonetheless even if you don't feel it
you get a prayer bonus so thanks for
watching guys hope you enjoyed it and
peace